I guess I'm a people person. I tell people what to do, and they do them. My
job is to make sure the job gets done. Their work is my work, really. My
life's work.

Don't get married more than twice. I tell ya, there's a reason why nobody
talks about third winds. Unless you mean a chilly wind, then you'd be getting
closer. But let's put that all aside for now. Sideboard it. Table the motion.
Let's get to business here. Where do you think you're going with my rare
Japanese salt cactus?

What

SPECs for GAME

Map is built from graphically processed LANDSAT images, fed live into the game
engine and overlaid on a geo-coordinate grid populated by users and other
features.

Users can use an evergreen map or a current-weather overlay, or can learn
while letting Landsat roam around the world again. Landsat is a semi-sentient
study buddy. Constant illuminator. Rudimentary chatbot at first, perhaps.

How about rewarding players for actually, actually solving problems? For
example give big bonuses to research tribals who help build a sort of neural
network wikipedia within the game.

Or give big bonuses to native tribals who put together info on animals in
given areas. They will literally be discovering their terrain info instead of
being fed the terrain info. Everybody will have a sort of Pokedex of data, and
each tribe will collect a different array of information and help enter it
into some sort of global register. Some players may take this as a goal above
and beyond other aspects of the game, or at least alongside them. Experience
is knowledge. You get a nominal amount of knowledge points when you read an
info item or complete certain research quests or objectives, but the most will
be earned by contributing info or sharing it. Note: find out impacts on
digital economy.

I want the game camera to be optional. People will really be traversing and
exploring the records it has left behind, combined with their lived
(vicarious, estranged, alienated) experiences. So you can either hang out in
the landsat lounge or 

"Come quick, it's ready to go!"

"Well, are you coming or not?"

"To be honest, I don't know what's going on either. Or rather, why this is all
going on. Us. I mean me and you."

"
