So here it is. 

VISUAL STYLE
2D 3/4 VIEW 3D, SO HILLS ARE VISIBLE
TREES AND BUILDINGS ARE PIXEL ART


over time there will be a natural decay at the edges of the forests, and the players will need to gang up in alliances to regrow sections or stop deforestation

players can equally well team up to grief or pursue nefarious goals

do i allow griefing? i have to. otherwise there are no moral stakes. The wrong choice always needs to compete. 

The game is balanced so that most players cooperating can eventually team up to defend against a minority of strong, aggressive "defectors". The defectors will reward a maximizer mindset, while the cooperators will reward a patient, steady mindset. There will also be other paths to explore. Paths of research nirvana for example. 



Event where your camp, a monkey research lab, learns that a successful rival group is slated to show up in a month. You can publish poor research and announce their existence, wait and do nothing (allowing them to steal credit from you), or kill them all, or burn down their habitat. Warning: tradeoffs ahead.



[Logging/Mining/Hunting] 2 resources: RAW MATERIAL, MONEY
    Market forces determine whether to keep or sell materials. Investment choices include oil vs solar, types of housing, rules on who can live there.

Village [Fishing/Hunting/Farming] 2 resources: FOOD, MONEY
    Disease, hunger, animals are main dangers at first, then you peek out of your comfort zone and realize that your forest is under threat. Effects from far off have knock on effects "inland", just like Seattle home prices set off a wave of hikes all the down through Tacoma to Olympia. Can you imagine, Olympia? That's how far it's come. So anyway, deforestation affects you the most through weather (flooding, famine) and decreased game (habitats and ranges shrink). The player can choose to move his village, or found a new one, or declare war on another village. 
    
Research [Climate,Animals,Plants] 2 resources: PRESTIGE, MONEY
    Earn prestige by doing real science research in the flashiest way possible.
    Earn money by selling out and doing commercial research.
    Rewards include excellent equipment. Trading a set of solar panels is 
    Event idea: polar research team gets sent to amazon rainforest in grotesque mixup.




Buffing - Economy trade - Either trade goods for money, or trade goods for repayment in kind, by barter. Your inventory of say, lumber or prestige, falls, and since you do not have a corresponding lumber or prestige slot if you are of the opposite type, this amount is converted into some type of time-limited bonus. So trading resources for mutual buffs will be big, because an alliance will have to team up very strategically to execute attacks and defenses. 

Are attacks going to be possible? I think they should. 

Combat may happen indirectly, through treatment of the one common resource, the rainforest. Everyone needs it, and yet everyone abuses it. What it takes is an experiment to see what kinds of alliances and networks it would take to find equilibrium.

Make it so that bigger networks yield greater benefits. Make people work like ants. Each person in the alliance a cog in the machine. Optimizing ants, versus optimizing wasps. CLARIFICATION. Bigger networks mean better buff potential/synergy, and better buffs means better protection against raiding.












